Update 4.5.6 (browser cache) for new browsers and OS (#338)
OWASP/wstg: document/4_Web_Application_Security_Testing/4.5_Authentication_Testing/4.5.6_Testing_for_Browser_Cache_Weaknesses_WSTG-AUTHN-006.md

## Summary

In this phase the tester checks that the application correctly instructs the browser to not retain sensitive data.

Browsers can store information for purposes of caching and history. Caching is used to improve performance, so that previously displayed information doesn't need to be downloaded again. History mechanisms are used for user convenience, so the user can see exactly what they saw at the time when the resource was retrieved. If sensitive information is displayed to the user (such as their address, credit card details, Social Security Number, or username), then this information could be stored for purposes of caching or history, and therefore retrievable through examining the browser's cache or by simply pressing the browser's “Back” button.

## Test Objectives

The objective of this test is to evaluate whether or not the application stores sensitive information in client accessible locations or in a manner which does not prevent their access or review outside of an authenticated and authorized session. Specifically:

- Is sensitive information stored on disk or in memory where it might be retrieved after intended use.

> - Is sensitive informations stored in such a way that using the "Back" button may allow a user (or attacker) to return to a previously displayed screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The objective of this test is to evaluate whether or not the application stores sensitive information in client accessible locations or in a manner which does not prevent their access or review outside of an authenticated and authorized session. Specifically, this tests whether sensitive information is stored:

- On disk or in memory, where it might be retrieved after intended use.
- In such a way that using the **Back** button may allow a user (or attacker) to return to a previously displayed screen.
```

> The “Back” button can be stopped from showing sensitive data. This can be done by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Back** button can be stopped from showing sensitive data. This can be done by:
```

References to buttons and menu selections are typically bold, not quoted; change suggested throughout.

- Delivering the page over HTTPS.

> - Setting `Cache-Control: must-re-validate`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Setting `Cache-Control: must-revalidate`
```

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Cache-Control

### Browser Cache

Here testers check that the application does not leak any sensitive data into the browser cache. In order to do that, they can use a proxy (such as OWASP ZAP) and search through the server responses that belong to the session, checking that for every page that contains sensitive information the server instructed the browser not to cache any data. Such a directive can be issued in the HTTP response headers:

> - `Cache-Control: no-cache, no-store`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Cache-Control: no-cache`
- `Cache-Control: no-store`
```

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Cache-Control

Author: Multiple directives are comma separated.

> Syntax
> 
> Caching directives have the following rules to be valid:
> 
>     Case-insensitive, but lowercase is recommended.
>     Multiple directives are comma-separated.
>     Some directives have an optional argument, which can be either a token or a quoted-string. (See spec for definitions)
>

Reviewer: Yes, however the list appears to present individual options. I thought it might be confusing to have two options on one line that may be mistaken for a single option all together.

Unless you mean that both directives must be used together to achieve the goal of not caching data, in which case, presenting them together would make sense.

Author: The way I read it is that both no-cache and no-store should be used to prevent browsers from caching sensitive data.

Change
> Such a directive can be issued in the HTTP response headers:
to
> Such a directive can be issued in the HTTP response headers with the following directives:

Reviewer: Yes, that's better.

- `Expires: 0`
- `Pragma: no-cache`

These directives are generally robust, although additional flags may be necessary for the `Cache-Control` header in order to better prevent persistently linked files on the file system. These include:

> - `Cache-Control: must-revalidate, pre-check=0, post-check=0, max-age=0, s-maxage=0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional request or response directives may be required for the `Cache-Control` header in order to better prevent persistently linked files on the file system. These include:

- `must-revalidate`
- `max-age=0`
- `s-maxage=0`
```

`p*-check=0` usage is discouraged:
- https://www.drupal.org/project/drupal/issues/2646280
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/34663916/are-cache-control-pre-check-and-post-check-headers-still-supported-by-ie

    Expires: <past date or illegal value (e.g., 0)>
```

For instance, if testers are testing an e-commerce application, they should look for all pages that contain a credit card number or some other financial information, and check that all those pages enforce the `no-cache` directive. If they find pages that contain critical information but that fail to instruct the browser not to cache their content, they know that sensitive information will be stored on the disk, and they can double-check this simply by looking for the page in the browser cache.

The exact location where that information is stored depends on the client operating system and on the browser that has been used. Here are some examples:

- Mozilla Firefox:
  - Unix/Linux: `~/.cache/mozilla/firefox/`
  - Windows: `C:\Users\<user_name>\AppData\Local\Mozilla\Firefox\Profiles\<profile-id>\Cache2\`
- Internet Explorer:
  - `C:\Users\<user_name>\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\INetCache\`

> - Chrome

Reviewer 2: Missing `:`? Just to be in the same formatting as IE and FF

The exact location where that information is stored depends on the client operating system and on the browser that has been used. Here are some examples:

- Mozilla Firefox:
  - Unix/Linux: `~/.cache/mozilla/firefox/`
  - Windows: `C:\Users\<user_name>\AppData\Local\Mozilla\Firefox\Profiles\<profile-id>\Cache2\`
- Internet Explorer:
  - `C:\Users\<user_name>\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\INetCache\`
- Chrome:
  - Windows: `C:\Users\<user_name>\AppData\Local\Google\Chrome\User Data\Default\Cache`
  - Unix/Linux: `~/.cache/google-chrome`

#### Reviewing Cached Information

Firefox provides functionality for viewing cached information, which may be to your benefit as a tester. Of course the industry has also produced various extensions, and external apps which you may prefer or need for Chrome, Internet Explorer, or Edge.

> Cache details are also available via DevTools in most modern browsers ([Firefox](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Tools/Storage_Inspector#Cache_Storage), [Chrome](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools/storage/cache), Edge). With Firefox it is also possible to use the URL `about:cache` to check cache details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cache details are also available via developer tools in most modern browsers, such as [Firefox](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Tools/Storage_Inspector#Cache_Storage), [Chrome](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools/storage/cache), and Edge. With Firefox it is also possible to use the URL `about:cache` to check cache details.
```

#### Check Handling for Mobile Browsers

> Handling of cache directives may be completely different for mobile browsers. Therefore, testers should start a new browsing session with clean caches and take advantage of features like Chrome's [Device Mode](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools/device-mode) or Firefox's [Responsive Design Mode](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Tools/Responsive_Design_Mode), to re-test or separately test the concepts outlined above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Handling of cache directives may be completely different for mobile browsers. Therefore, testers should start a new browsing session with clean caches and take advantage of features like Chrome's [Device Mode](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools/device-mode) or Firefox's [Responsive Design Mode](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Tools/Responsive_Design_Mode) to re-test or separately test the concepts outlined above.
```

> Additionally personal proxies such as ZAP and Burp Suite allow the tester to specify which `User-Agent` should be sent by their spiders/crawlers. This could be set to match a mobile browser `User-Agent` string and leveraged to see what caching directives are sent by the application being tested while being explored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, personal proxies such as ZAP and Burp Suite allow the tester to specify which `User-Agent` should be sent by their spiders/crawlers. This could be set to match a mobile browser `User-Agent` string and used to see which caching directives are sent by the application being tested.
```
